Whomp is your new homepage, complete with its own, integrated journal.
Whomp utilizes an SQL database with two different tables: users and entries. The users table keeps track of all the registered users of our website while the entries table keeps track of all of the entries (across all users). The users table is much the same as that from PSET7 and includes the typical user id, username, and password hash columns. Our entries table includes user id, text, month, year, and timestamp columns. All of these columns allow us to effectively and efficiently search our database when it comes time to display a user's posts.
Whomp opens with a typical login page where you can choose either to log in with exist credentials or sign up for a new account. Once logged in, whomp directs you to your own homepage. This homepage is complete with links to Gmail, Gcal, and your journal in the upper left. Additionally, there is a large text box in the middle of the screen. You can type text in here to search in google (via the search button) or post in your journal (via the journal button).
Your journal page includes all of your posts at the bottom and provides you with two search bars. One allows you to search by text while the other allows you to search by date. The date search is why we included month and year columns separate from our timestamp column in our database. Having these two separate columns makes searching via this search bar much, much easier. All the same, we wanted the timestamp to be shown with each journal entry, so we still wanted to include that column.
Searching your journal on either blank text or a blank date returns all of your entries, while searching with an overly specific query may net you an request to search with a different date or fewer key words.
Overall, this project is very dependent on quick and reliable access to our SQL database. To that end, we were careful to make our queries precise, include rigorous error checking with our query returns, and provide as many useful columns as possible in each table.
